DOC-3223: The cursor could get stuck around an absolute CEF element when navigating using arrow keys (#3879)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.2.0-release-notes.adoc

// CCFR here.

> === The cursor could get stuck around an absolute CEF element when navigating using arrow keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== The cursor could get stuck around an absolutely positioned CEF element when navigating using arrow keys
```

// #TINY-10306

> Previously, when using arrow keys to navigate content containing absolutely positioned non-editable elements, the cursor could become trapped near these elements. This issue disrupted caret movement and made it difficult for users to continue navigating text around complex layouts or embedded content, especially in inline editing scenarios and within table cells.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when using arrow keys to navigate content containing absolutely positioned non-editable elements, the cursor could become trapped near these elements. This issue disrupted caret movement and made it difficult for users to continue navigating around the editor's content.
```

> In {productname} {release-version}, the horizontal caret navigation logic has been updated to recognize absolutely positioned elements and return a range selection instead of attempting to place the caret directly on the floating node. This improvement ensures consistent and predictable arrow-key navigation behavior across various content structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {productname} {release-version}, the horizontal caret navigation logic has been updated to ensure that the caret movement is no longer disrupted when navigating around absolutely positioned elements.
```
